Fix typo Outpus to Outputs (#77)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Overview.md

### Input

An Input is a unit consuming media data for providing it to Sender(s). Input may present metadata about media consuming capabilities to its upstream counterpart. Each Input is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

### Output

An Output is a unit producing media data provided by Receiver(s). Output may hold metadata about the media consuming capabilities from its downstream counterpart. Each Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

## API Structure

The API provides a mechanism to get information about Inputs associated with Senders and Outputs associated with Receivers and to constrain a Sender from sending a Flow not supported by its subscribers.

The API is divided into the following parts:

### Senders

Each Sender has an `inputs` resource, which lists identifiers of all Inputs associated with this Sender, a `constraints` base resource in charge of restrictions for the Flow associated with this Sender and a `status` resource showing the Sender's state in terms of IS-11.

#### Constraints

> There is an `active` resource which holds Active Constraints and a `supported` resource which lists all the Constraint Sets supported by this Sender.

Reviewer: Thank you Gareth! The only thing is that a Sender lists supported Parameter Constraints to show which of them make sense for the Sender and it can try to adhere to them.

```suggestion
There is an `active` resource which holds Active Constraints and a `supported` resource which lists all the Parameter Constraints supported by this Sender.
```

Author: Ah, sorry, yes!!
